Okay, so issues I have, which I'm surprised weren't picked up on. Owners, I understand why you've got that like that. Because there could be more than one, so you're keeping it quite small, but you do have a lot of space there. So that doesn't really make sense, but that's okay. If you feel that you want to keep it like that, we can. We'll work on that another time. Login emails, so login emails is very close to cost. Cost is a very little amount. It takes up a little bit of space. We can move that over to the right slightly, so it looks a bit better. Because we've got actions, which is also just a trash sign and a pencil. But all the way to the left, we've got cost. But login emails looks very tight, to the point where on some of them, they're nearly right up against the cost. So if it was longer, it wouldn't have any more room. So we're going to have to sort that out. Second, it's not clickable. You can't click on it. You should be able to click on it anywhere, and it takes you to more information, because it's missing the website. I understand it's hard to fit all of that in one space, but there is a lot of space there. And I know you're giving it room to grow. I get that. But you could just put an info button, and then you click on it, and it takes you to more info, which has all the information you need, even the stuff that's already on there. Like what it is, it's an AI tool, active, owners, login, email, cost, when the next bill cycle is due. The next bill cycle, the date, yeah, that should be next to cost. That's a very important thing. People need to know that, okay? That should be very obvious. That shouldn't just be an information. That should be obvious. The web, that can be an information as well, but it should be obvious. So if you put an I button, a very small, just an I button somewhere, not very small, sorry. But someone will know if I click info, I can see all the information that I need. But in reality, it doesn't matter where you click on that particular service, any free space there that you click on it, apart from obviously the pencil and trash. But anywhere you click, you should be able to go to the info for that particular service, because it's in the services page. You should have all the information.